Add documentation for issuer selection capability for organization applications (#6070)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/organization-management/select-token-issuer-for-organization-apps.md

# Select token issuer for an organization application

> On the {{ product_name }}, administrators can configure the token issuer for organization applications. They can select either the root organization’s token issuer or the organization’s own token issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On {{ product_name }}, administrators can configure the token issuer for organization applications. You can choose either the root organization’s token issuer or the organization’s own token issuer. This guide explains how to select the appropriate option based on your use case.
```

> Administrators can select the token issuer based on the use case for which the organization application is used. Below are the use cases for selecting a suitable token issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
